I think what makes you so extraordinary
is it has maintained and continues to be
a strong entrepreneurial City Pinot's
palette is a fusion between art and wine
our motto is to put a paintbrush in
everyone's hanging patrons come in
everyone's given a blank canvas and you
follow along with the artist enjoy wine
good music good company and at the end
you leave what a masterpiece that you
created lift fund was a last-minute
Savior we got through signing the lease
completing all the build out and
exhausted all of our personal funds and
so to open in September needed
additional capital for working capital
we are today the nation's leading
microfinance institution the lift phone
was able to work with the current
situation even though we hadn't even
been open yet one of the insular Eagles
of organization is ultimately for these
clients be able to go to their bank
where they can be fully completely
bankable after our initial funding in
2012 we've been open for a couple years
and went back to lift fund for an
additional funding to support expansion
of our studio buy new furniture upgrade
our computer equipment things of that
nature but I think what makes lift funds
special it's not just the deployment of
capital it is the the depth of work that
is involved that our team puts forward
in terms of also supporting the client
with education
you